some new faces are appearing at the
entrance otter cubs spend the first two
months of their lives hidden inside the
den these are now emerging for the first
time the existence of babies perhaps
explains why the group has been so
aggressive with the Kami
their regular show strength may deter
the large caiman from showing too much
interest in the babies in giant otter
society it's only the dominant female in
this case pinky who produces a litter
and with almost ceremonial style each
baby is religiously dumped in the water
by the adults it's a harsh initiation to
their water world but it's critical that
they're made familiar with it quickly it
could make the difference between life
and death
frolicking with the other members of the
family is important for improving the
baby's confidence in the water but with
the new responsibilities the family
becomes even more digital